Update references to 1.2 spec, re-ordering, content updates (#9)
ResearchObject/packaging_data_with_ro-crate: episodes/03-root.md

to describe the [RO-Crate Root](https://www.researchobject.org/ro-crate/specification/1.2/root-data-entity.html#direct-properties-of-the-root-data-entity):

```json
{
    "@id": "./",
    "@type": "Dataset",
    "hasPart": [ 

    ]
}
```

By convention, in RO-Crate the `@id` value of  `./` means that this entity describes the folder in which the RO-Crate metadata file is located. The root data entity always has the `@type` value of `Dataset`, which is a [schema.org](https://schema.org/Dataset) type.
This will be referenced from `ro-crate-metadata.json`, semantically marking the `crate1` folder as being the RO-Crate Root.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: discussion
## RO-Crates can be published on the Web
 
This example is a folder-based RO-Crate stored on disk,
and therefore absolute paths are avoided,
e.g. in case the root folder is moved or archived as a ZIP file. 
 
If the crate is being served from a Web service,
such as a data repository or database where files are not organized in folders,
then the `@id` might be an absolute URI instead of `./`
-- this is one reason why we point to the root entity from the metadata descriptor,

> see section [Root Data Entity](https://www.researchobject.org/ro-crate/specification/1.2/root-data-entity.html) for details.

Reviewer: Needs a slight rewording as we now don't cover the metadata description before this

```suggestion
as you will see in the next section.
```

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: challenge
## Add an additional type

1. Navigate the schema.org type list to find a subtype of `CreativeWork` that is suitable for a learning resource.
2. Modify the root entity's `@type` to be an array.
3. Add the type name for learning resource at the end of the array.

:::::::::::::::  solution
```json
{
   "@id": "./",
   "@type": ["Dataset", "LearningResource"],
   "hasPart": [ 
     {"@id": "data.csv"} 
   ],
   "…": "…"
}
```
:::::::::::::::::::::::::
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

The root has several metadata properties that describe the RO-Crate as a whole,
considering it as a Research Object of collected resources.
The section on [root data entity](https://www.researchobject.org/ro-crate/specification/1.2/root-data-entity.html)

> details further the required and recommended properties of the root `./`. 

Reviewer: The next section provides this same link to the spec, so suggest we just simplify a bit here.

```suggestion
In the next section we will cover the required and recommended properties of the root `./`.
```
